me
welcome to the spider we make
yo jyd automotive street style you know
what time it is it's time for the
first-ever 2008 custom car show will
concepts automotive street style we're
putting it down right here in YC game in
the block bring it to the shop what I'm
gonna shoot I understand what the top to
the bottom the biggest army car till we
give it in the rims in the ailment to
reach other one epic are making fun of
you Rebecca Jake you'll be the three
style be styling it welcome to the spot
where we make it hot any with you got we
can make it wrong I've seen a lot of
cars but not like this lamborghini drove
alone
that's what I'm talking about all eyes
on you for your steppin out run around
with the hula system HDTV with
navigation to your exterior what you
need we make it hobbie bow in his street
celebrities and ball is nowhere to go we
keep it hot from the east to the west CO
what up y'all shit boy youngberg need
something I oughta for the street style
custom car show will concepts baltimore
street style mid-round gallery being
shout outs you know how we do we in the
brother man
it's to go home it's time to go home and
we gotta get it go go ahead go ahead out
the gate
to the spy movie maker
not for me